{% extends "../layout.xhtml" %}
{% block subnav %}
	<em>Biblicity</em>
	 &#x25aa; 
	<em><a href="{{c.config.Site.url}}/about/translations">The Translations</a></em>
{% end block %}
{% block main %}
	<h1>About Biblicity</h1>
	<h2><a href="http://biblicity.net">Biblicity.net</a> exists to help people grow in God together through daily Bible reading and shared writings.</h2>
	<p>If you want to grow spiritually through Bible reading, prayer, and devotional study and reflection, but you find it difficult to do these things on your own, biblicity.net provides a place for you to do these things <em>together</em> with others, so that you can grow with the encouragement and support of the community.</p>
	<p>Every day the front page of Biblicity.net has the reading for today. We started the <a href="{{c.config.Site.url}}/reading-plans/2017-reading-plan">Bible Overview Reading Plan</a> on January 1, 2017. It gives an overview of the Bible in one year, reading about one chapter a day, six days a week. To get started, just jump in and read today’s reading with us.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<h2>You can use biblicity.net to read the Bible every day.</h2>
			<p>Starting on January 1, 2017, the front page of biblicity.net will include the Bible reading for that day. We will be following a Bible Overview Reading Plan that gives an overview of the Bible in one year, reading about one chapter a day, six days a week.</p>
		</li>
		<li>
			<h2>You can use biblicity.net as a platform to share your writings with others. [COMING SOON]</h2>
			<p>When you make your writings available on biblicity.net, not only can you share them with your own circle, but they can be considered for publication alongside each day’s Bible reading. Every day, the front page of biblicity.net will have the passage for the day, followed by the published writings on that passage. [<em>The writing interface is in development and will be coming soon.</em>]</p>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<h2>Our mission is to make biblicity.net the best place on the internet to grow in God together with others.</h2>
	<p>Please join us, participate, and give us your feedback as we grow in God together.</p>
{% end block %}