{% extends "../layout.xhtml" %}
{% block main %}
	<p class="italic">
		<a href="{{c.config.Site.url}}/about">About Biblicity</a>
		 • 
		About the Translations
	</p>
<h1 id="about-the-translations"><a name="user-content-about-the-translations" href="#about-the-translations" class="headeranchor-link" aria-hidden="true"><span class="headeranchor"></span></a>About the Translations</h1>
<p>The translations that we make available on <a href="http://biblicity.net">biblicity.net</a> are either public domain or licensed from the publisher via their Bible text API. We hope to expand this list of translations in the future as we are able to acquire the right to provide additional translations.</p>
<h2 id="esv"><a name="user-content-english-standard-version-esv" href="#english-standard-version-esv" class="headeranchor-link" aria-hidden="true"><span class="headeranchor"></span></a>English Standard Version (ESV)</h2>
<p>See <a href="http://www.esv.org/about" target="_blank">http://www.esv.org/about</a>. See also <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_Standard_Version" target="_blank">the ESV article on Wikipedia</a>.</p>
<p>Scripture quotations marked “ESV” are taken from The Holy Bible, English Standard Version. Copyright © 2001 by <a href="http://www.crosswaybibles.org" target="_blank">Crossway Bibles</a>, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved. Text provided by the <a href="http://www.gnpcb.org/esv/share/services/" target="_blank">Crossway Bibles Web Service</a>.</p>
<h2 id="nlt"><a name="user-content-new-living-translation-nlt" href="#new-living-translation-nlt" class="headeranchor-link" aria-hidden="true"><span class="headeranchor"></span></a>New Living Translation (NLT)</h2>
<p>See <a href="http://nlt.to" target="_blank">http://nlt.to</a>. See also <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Living_Translation" target="_blank">the NLT article on Wikipedia</a>.</p>
<p>Scripture quotations marked NLT are taken from the <em>Holy Bible,</em> New Living Translation, copyright © 1996, 2004, 2015 by Tyndale House Foundation. Used by permission of Tyndale House Publishers, Inc., Carol Stream, Illinois 60188. All rights reserved. </p>
<p>The text of the NLT is provided by <a href="http://api.nlt.to" target="_blank">Tyndale’s Bible text API</a>.</p>
<h2 id="ntv"><a name="user-content-nueva-traduccion-viviente-ntv" href="#nueva-traduccion-viviente-ntv" class="headeranchor-link" aria-hidden="true"><span class="headeranchor"></span></a>Nueva Traducción Viviente (NTV)</h2>
<p>See <a href="http://bibliantv.com" target="_blank">http://bibliantv.com</a>.</p>
<p>El texto bíblico indicado con «NTV» ha sido tomado de la <em>Santa Biblia,</em> Nueva Traducción Viviente, © Tyndale House Foundation, 2010. Usado con permiso de Tyndale House Publishers, Inc., 351 Executive Dr., Carol Stream, IL 60188, Estados Unidos de América. Todos los derechos reservados.</p>
<p>The text of the NTV is provided by <a href="http://api.nlt.to" target="_blank">Tyndale’s Bible text API</a>.</p>
<h2 id="kjv"><a name="user-content-king-james-version-kjv" href="#king-james-version-kjv" class="headeranchor-link" aria-hidden="true"><span class="headeranchor"></span></a>King James Version (KJV)</h2>
<p>See <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_James_Version" target="_blank">the KJV article on Wikipedia</a>.</p>
<p>The text of the KJV is provided by <a href="http://api.nlt.to" target="_blank">Tyndale’s Bible text API</a>.</p>
{% end block %}