{% extends "layout.xhtml" %}
{% block main %}
	<h2><a href="http://biblicity.net">Biblicity.net</a> exists to help people grow in God together through daily Bible reading and shared writings.</h2>
	<!-- <p><em>by Sean Harrison, December 25, 2016</em></p> -->
	<p>If you want to grow spiritually through Bible reading, prayer, and devotional study and reflection, but you find it difficult to do these things on your own, biblicity.net provides a place for you to do these things <em>together</em> with others, so that you can grow with the encouragement and support of the community.</p>
	<h2>We are starting January 1, 2017.</h2>
	<p>We have a <a href="/bible-overview-reading-plan">daily Bible reading plan</a> for readers and an opportunity for writers to publish their Bible-oriented writings.</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<p><span style="font-size:120%">If you are a Bible reader, you can use biblicity.net to read the Bible every day.</span>   Starting on January 1, 2017, we will be following a Bible Overview Reading Plan that gives an overview of the Bible in one year, reading about one chapter a day, six days a week.</p>
		</li>
		<li>
			<p><span style="font-size:120%">If you are an author, pastor, scholar, or Christian leader, you can use biblicity.net as a platform to share your writings with others.</span>   Every day in 2017, the front page of biblicity.net will have the passage for the day, followed by a list of the writings on that passage that have been published.</p>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<h2>Our mission is to make biblicity.net the best place on the internet to grow in God together with others.</h2>
	<p>Please join us, participate, and give us your feedback as we grow in God together.</p>
	<p>—<em>Sean Harrison</em></p>
{% end block %}